Clarify F.Port setup steps required on OpenTX side (#3204)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-FPort-receivers.rst

.. note:: ArduPilot supports both 16 and 24 channels FPort2 but telemetry is enabled only for 16 channels mode.

Telemetry protocol
==================

> Only the :ref:`Passthrough telemetry <common-frsky-passthrough>` protocol is supported. To get sensors to show up in OpenTX you have to install and enable :ref:`Yaapu FrSky Telemetry Script for OpenTX<common-frsky-yaapu>`. Otherwise the only sensor discovered would be GPS.

Reviewer: Not quite accurate
```suggestion
ArduPilot will send telemetry data to the receiver over Fport using the :ref:`Passthrough telemetry <common-frsky-passthrough>` protocol. To get sensors to show up in OpenTX you have to install and enabled a script which can display Passthrough telemetry, such as  :ref:`Yaapu FrSky Telemetry Script for OpenTX<common-frsky-yaapu>`. Otherwise the only sensor that will be discovered would be GPS.
```
